Docs: Update reference for the extensions (#954)
grafana/plugin-tools: docusaurus/docs/how-to-guides/ui-extensions/expose-a-component.md

---
id: expose-a-component
title: Expose a component
description: Share functionality with other plugins by exposing a component
keywords:
  - grafana
  - plugins
  - plugin
  - extensions
  - ui-extensions
sidebar_position: 30
---

> Expose components to allow app plugins to easily share functionality with other app plugins. Compared to [registering an extension](./register-an-extension), they do not require the extension provider to explicitly register a component against any extension points, and can therefore be [used by any app plugin](link-to-use) with no action required by the provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Expose components to allow app plugins to easily share functionality with other app plugins. Compared to [registering an extension](./register-an-extension), they do not require the extension provider to explicitly register a component against any extension points, and can therefore be [used by any app plugin](./use-an-exposed-component) with no action required by the provider.
```

## Best practices

- **Wrap your component with providers** - if you want to access any plugin-specific state in your component, make sure to wrap it with the necessary React context providers (for example, a wrapping for Redux).

## Expose a component from an app plugin

> You can expose multiple components from within the same app plugin. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can expose a component from within the same app plugin. For example:
```

> You can expose a component from within the same app plugin. For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can expose one or multiple components from within the same app plugin. For example:
```

sidebar_position: 30
---

> Expose components to allow app plugins to easily share functionality with other app plugins. Compared to [registering an extension](./register-an-extension), they do not require the extension provider to explicitly register a component against any extension points, and can therefore be [used by any app plugin](link-to-use) with no action required by the provider.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure this reads right to me anymore. 

If we can't say exposing. We could instead say:
> Expose components from your app plugin so they can be imported by any other app plugin, as a way of easily sharing functionality. Compared to [registering an extension](./register-an-extension), they do not require the extension provider to explicitly register the component against any extensions points, and can therefore be [used by any app plugin](./use-an-exposed-component) with no action required by the provider.

Note change from `a component` to `the component` and added link for used by any app plugin.

Reviewer: made suggestion to fix

## Best practices

- **Wrap your component with providers** - if you want to access any plugin-specific state in your component, make sure to wrap it with the necessary React context providers (for example, a wrapping for Redux).

## Expose a component from an app plugin

> You can expose multiple components from within the same app plugin. For example:

Reviewer 2: This example doesn't show actually show multiple components

Reviewer: fixed
